# Introduction #

This page will serve as a record of all meetings held with the team and/or customer.  It is not intended to contain meeting minutes, but, rather, illustrate the level of coordination on the project.


# Details #

  * 2011/10/04 - After work meeting
> - Demo of Chris' prototyping kit
> - Demo Brian' solver UI mockup
> - Physical WT high risk items
> > - I/O count
> > - Cost
> > - >1 Arduino communication
> > - Fan
> > > - RPM measurement
> > > - Control

> > - On board web-server
> > - Model positioning system
> > - Pysical controls
> > > - I/O count
> > > - Child proof

> - Virtual WT high risk items
> > - whiteboard drawing of shape
> > - translating shape into computational grid
> > - porting solver to Android NDK
> > - speed and stability issues
> > - translating solver output to lift, drag info
> > - translating solver output to pretty picture

> - Next steps
> > - Draft the SRS and get it to Dr. Kulick and our customer for review
> > - Work toward Oct 17 hello world interation test with our customer

  * 2011 - lots of meetings that went undocumented.

  * 2011/09/13 - Met after class.  Discussed instrumentation to be used in the tunnel and settled upon measurements for RPM, delta pressure across the test section, temperature in inlet, test section, and exit (and possible others), air speed, humidity, and force on the model.  Discussed configurability of the tunnel control system, and architectural issues related to where "intelligence" will be placed in the system.

  * 2011/09/06 - Met briefly after class.  Discussed path forward on determining requirements.  Peer reviewed initial use case model.  Decided actors were sufficient, but needed to list more use cases that will help drive the requirements.  Decided that the next step is to start a wiki page to collect thoughts in terms of exhibit flow, what the exhibit will do, and what are we trying to teach the kids, etc.

  * 2011/09/02 - Met virtually via on-base IM.  Discussed critical path and group level of effort in reference to prioritization of syllabus grading scale.  More use of camo (urban or otherwise) in future group presentations was requested by Chris Davis, denied by other members of the group.  Discussed Team Pegasus' team name, and our potential name change to Team Unicorn.  After Team Unicorn name was roundly ridiculed by team members, team name change was withdrawn.

  * 2011/09/01 - Met after class presentations were complete for ~30 minutes.  Discussed the need for a requirements document format, the state of the existing wind tunnel, and details and "releasability" of the 2D flow solver code that will be obtained from Jim Masters.

  * 2011/08/31 - Met virtually through on base IM chat.  Discussed final changes to "status" briefing to be presented on 2011/09/01 to class via teleconference.  No major changes were required.  Michael Lynch turned in the final presentation via the Angel dropbox.  Brian Pittman finalized the COCOMO estimate and turned that in via its own Angel dropbox.

  * 2011/08/29 - Met at the Hands-On Science Center with Sean Smith (Vice President of HOSC Board of Directors) and Misty Marshall (Director).  Entire team was present.